[DOCS] Adds more detail on disk usage of kNN quantized vectors (#105724)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/how-to/knn-search.asciidoc

can be automatically quantized during index time through
<<dense-vector-quantization,`quantization`>>. Quantization will reduce the
required memory by 4x, but it will also reduce the precision of the vectors and
increase disk usage for the field (by up to 25%). Increased disk usage is a

> result of {es} storing both the quantized and the unqantized vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result of {es} storing both the quantized and the unquantized vectors.
For example, an increase in disk usage by 10GB can result in a 30GB reduction in required memory.
```

Fix typo, and suggestion to add concrete example :)

can be automatically quantized during index time through
<<dense-vector-quantization,`quantization`>>. Quantization will reduce the
required memory by 4x, but it will also reduce the precision of the vectors and
increase disk usage for the field (by up to 25%). Increased disk usage is a
result of {es} storing both the quantized and the unquantized vectors.

> For example, an increase in disk usage by 10GB can result in a 30GB reduction in required memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, when quantizing 40GB of floating point vectors and extra 10GB of data will be stored for the quantized vectors. Totaling in a disk usage of 50GB, but the memory usage for fast search will be reduced to 10GB.
```

Reviewer 2: I am good with that :). As long as we talk about ending totals and starting totals and not just picking `40` and `10` out of thin air.
